Hello everybody
In this short video I will show you how to
use
the attributes that come with the video and
audio elements
So... we will start in a JS Bin...
In order to embed a video, you first start
by
adding a video element to your web page
Usually, what we do is that we first
provide a small message or maybe some links
to download the in case the browser
does not support the video element.
So we write "your browser does not support
the video
element, please download the video at...".
I will add the link later.
One of the simplest way to embed a video is
to use
the src attribute with a URL.
I'm just using a URL I prepared...ok, like
that!
You can see that the video... there is an
area
...black... that appeared here, on the right
(of the screen)
I'm adding "controls", this is a boolean attribute.
It's true if it's present, or if it's not
empty, tou can type in anything here... and
it's false if it's omitted.
I omit it and the control bar disappears.
I prefer to use it
without any value, like that...
I can play the video, you see...
I'm using Google Chrome and the mp4 format
for
the video, that is one of the the most popular
and
the best supported today.
But it's always better, and it's a best practice,
to provide different encodings for the video.In
that case, do not use the src . Instead, provide,
using the source element, different encodings
for your videos.
This is a good practice... now I propose the
video
in webm, ogg andin mp4 formats.
The browser will choose the one it prefers.
Either the first one it can play, or
the one than, in its opinion, has the best
results.
So, here, now I don't know exactly which one
is
played, but I'm pretty sure I will target
many more
browsers than with only a single encoding.
What are the other attributes ?
I can specifythe width and the height
In that case I've got a very small video,
100 pixels width and height,
Other attributes that are interesting... there
is the
preload attribute. You can see that the video
started downloading here...
and that the black square corresponds to the
default size of the video. We call the size
"metadata". This is the buffer
that is filling up.
So, if I'm using preload="none",in that case
it asks
the browser to do nothing,not to start preloading
the video,
not preloading metadata...
This is the recommended value for mobile devices,
or for web sites that have a lot of videos,
and you don't want them to preload.
If you type in "metadata", this is another
possible value... in that case the video
is not preloading but the size of the video,
the encoding
and other metadata have been downloaded so
that the player
can have a reserved size on the page...
I recommend using the default value if you
are targeting
desktops, or preload="none"...
Another attribute that is not recommended
for mobile
devices is autoplay In that case the video
starts being
played as soon as the buffer has got enough
data.Another attribute is loop.It's self explanatory.
If you go to$
the end of the video, it will loop.
You saw the mostuseful attributes...Another
one that I
recommend, in order to avoid this black square,
is the poster attribute. You type in poster
equals
and you can add the URL of an image.
I uploaded an image, a screenshot of this
video,
to the imgur web site.
Like this... we get a preview of the video
Notice that Internet Explorer does not recognize
URLs here. It always chooses the first fram
of the video
It's a bit of a problem, so if you don't want
this behavior,
you will need to use a custom player or follow
the links
to the articles Ian Devlin wrote, where he
explains how
to this behavior in Internet Explorer using
some JavaScript.
That's all for this video, I hope you enjoyed
it, the rest
of the page is a textual reference to all
the attributes.